# Project 1
## Narrative
My narrative will use sound, happy faces and sad faces to demonstrate the notion that in Western music theory, major key tonality is frequently associated with happy songs and minor key tonality is frequently associated with sad songs. An example of a three-note major chord is C+E+G, while an example of a three-note minor chord is C+Eb+G. My narrative will depict faces responding to these two chords in order to illustrate this simple concept to the viewer that major=happy and minor=sad.

# Project 2
## Visualization
I will use darksky weather API to create a representation with sound and color. I intend to use the numerical weather data to correspond to specific pitches and specific colors. Since weather is described with a base-10 system of numbers, I will use ten unique pitches and ten unique colors, both of which will correspond to the final digit in a particular degree in fahrenheit. For example, 20 degrees fahrenheit and 30 degrees fahreinheit will generate the same pitch and the same color because 0 is the final digit in both 20 and 30. I will then use specific geographic locations to generate 12-note melodies and color changing visualizations by assembling their average monthly degree in fahrenheit from January-December in a particular year. A year of a particular city's changing temperature average will result in a unique melody and a unique montage of color. Perhaps I will create three distinct visualizations from the temperature data of New York City, Mexico City, and Shanghai. I plan to make a YouTube video playlist of whichever cities I end up choosing.

# Project 3
## Game
I will create a game that challenges the user to memorize the basic rules of Western musical harmony. The game will challenge a user to get from "Point 1" to "Point 2" in a grid of letters A-G with sharps and flats, representing musical notes. The challenge is that the path that the user takes from Point 1 to Point 2 will test their knowledge of harmony. The user will be assigned a random gamepiece which could be any letter from Ab to G#. An upper case letter gampepiece represents a major key and a lower case letter gamepiece represent a minor key. If assigned A, for example, that user is "A Major" and must use the arrow keys to follow a path that includes only the notes in the key of A Major (A, B, C♯, D, E, F♯, and G♯) to get from Point 1 to Point 2 in the grid. If a player assigned A attempts to get from Point 1 to Point 2 by crossing their gamepiece to a tile that is not in the key of A major, their gamepiece is transported back to Point 1 and they must start again.
